Move custom RBAC to pub preview (#3532)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-organization-role-list.md

---
sidebar_label: "astro organization role list"
title: "astro organization role list"
id: astro-organization-role-list
description: Reference documentation for the astro organization role list command.
hide_table_of_contents: true
sidebar_custom_props: { icon: "img/term-icon.png" }
---

> :::info
> 
> This command is only available on Astro.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::astroonly
:::
```

---
sidebar_label: "astro organization role list"
title: "astro organization role list"
id: astro-organization-role-list
description: Reference documentation for the astro organization role list command.
hide_table_of_contents: true
sidebar_custom_props: { icon: "img/term-icon.png" }
---

> :::publicpreview
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Thoughts on removing public preview statements from secondary docs like this one? I feel like we'd likely forget to  update this when it's GA

:::info

This command is only available on Astro.

:::

> View a list of all the roles in your Organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View a list of all roles in an Organization.
```
